Ramayana is the cultural backbone of the country.
But let us not consider the story of Ramayana as just history.
It has spirituality in it.
And it starts from Navratri.
For nine days, there was a fierce battle between Ram and Ravan.
And on the tenth day, Ravan dies.
Which is called Dussehra.
When Shri Ram was building a bridge to go to Lanka, Who was in the army?
Squirrels.
And in front of them were demons.
It signifies something.
What is your mind like?
Like a monkey.
And on the other side, what is your mind like?
Like a demon.
The battle between the two.
the war between the two.
And all these monkeys, monkeys, crickets, etc.
were joined with Lord Ram.